rewards.DefaultCar = famil_v
rewards.BonusMission = cletu_v
rewards.StreetRace = elect_v
rewards.PlayerCar = plowk_v
rewards.PlayerCar = cDuff
rewards.PlayerCar = cVan
rewards.SkinOther = h_undrwr
rewards.SkinOther = h_fat
rewards.SkinOther = h_stcrobe
rewards.DefaultCar = honor_v
rewards.BonusMission = gramp_v
rewards.StreetRace = moe_v
rewards.PlayerCar = mrplo_v
rewards.PlayerCar = cLimo
rewards.PlayerCar = cFire_v
rewards.SkinOther = b_tall
rewards.SkinOther = b_football
rewards.SkinOther = b_ninja
rewards.DefaultCar = lisa_v
rewards.BonusMission = skinn_v
rewards.StreetRace = bookb_v
rewards.PlayerCar = otto_v
rewards.PlayerCar = cDonut
rewards.PlayerCar = cNerd
rewards.SkinOther = l_cool
rewards.SkinOther = l_florida
rewards.SkinOther = l_jersey
rewards.DefaultCar = marge_v
rewards.BonusMission = comic_v
rewards.StreetRace = krust_v
rewards.PlayerCar = willi_v
rewards.PlayerCar = cKlimo
rewards.PlayerCar = cCurator
rewards.SkinOther = m_prison
rewards.SkinOther = m_pink
rewards.SkinOther = m_police
rewards.DefaultCar = apu_v
rewards.BonusMission = frink_v
rewards.StreetRace = bbman_v
rewards.PlayerCar = carhom_v
rewards.PlayerCar = wiggu_v
rewards.PlayerCar = cCola
rewards.SkinOther = a_army
rewards.SkinOther = a_american
rewards.SkinOther = a_besharp
rewards.DefaultCar = bart_v
rewards.BonusMission = snake_v
rewards.StreetRace = burns_v
rewards.PlayerCar = scorp_v
rewards.PlayerCar = cArmor
rewards.PlayerCar = cSedan
rewards.SkinOther = b_hugo
rewards.SkinOther = b_military
rewards.SkinOther = b_man
rewards.DefaultCar = homer_v
rewards.BonusMission = smith_v
rewards.StreetRace = fone_v
rewards.PlayerCar = zombi_v
rewards.PlayerCar = hbike_v
rewards.PlayerCar = cHears
rewards.SkinOther = h_scuzzy
rewards.SkinOther = h_evil
rewards.SkinOther = h_donut
